kha'zix takes a special place in the
history of st. Petersburg for time and
memoral kha'zix were guarding
sullenberger's of Prussia best
representatives of Cossacks army
subdivisions were sent to st. Petersburg
to help active service in the court of
his Imperial Majesty
lifeguards appeasing paramedics Crown
Prince proper escort of his Imperial
Majesty cause of chieftains regiment of
his Imperial Majesty Crown Prince where
the elight of its ours are
representatives from zaporozhian
cossacks and later cossacks from Reuben
and Don were carrying a steam service in
the regiment of st. Petersburg kha'zix
continued the maintenance of customs of
stanitsa large cossacks village and used
to have their original culture in their
speech and even cloth of course in
Petersburg had his own cultural
influence on kha'zix Glossop capital
city expressed in luxury clauses of
cossacks which became more gorgeous and
Dara's the various theater life of saint
petersburg in plans in the process of
much deeper understanding of Cossack
song and dance party influence of
Colchis is Poland Ukraine the creamy URL
and Siberia reflected in colorful
popular of Cossacks which lived in st.
Petersburg
that's why folklore of st. petersburg's
posix became an encyclopedia of context
culture
Alexander Mucha gente is a hereditary
zaporozhian product in his youth the
related from Institute of culture and by
his nature is gifted a talent is workout
singer from his childhood he was charmed
with kha'zix Falkner and in 1984
organized in st. Petersburg small in
symbol of performance of Kazakh songs
and dances at first they had performed
in the customs which were inheritance of
their grandparents temperament and
brightness of the concert province of
this small group attracted problem and
then Alexander Lukashenko that need a
vision of concept of the performance
Jirga next dramatically based dance and
song performance which exposed ratios
rights celebrations and generous cases
of Cossacks life folklore material of
st. Petersburg posix was taken as the
basement for this complex project years
passed on by and number of and symbol
increased as well as concert for this
year there are more than 60 artists
choir singers dancers and orchestra
players now in principle in symbol of
song and dance of Cossacks on Northwest
Russia is well known in Russia and in
foreign countries colorful costumes of
projects of different epochs and regions
where carefully restituted invest
theater and art studios with their art
artists of integral resurrecting the
spirit of cause experiment temperament
and cheerfulness of Kazakh sculptor make
it most remarkable for international
culture excellent
you